Nicholas Pickering
Contruction of Language Translators COP4620
Project 2 - Predictive Parser
Professor Eggen
Date Due: 2/23/2016
Date Submitted: 2/23/2016

# Introduction
This project is an effort to produce a C- parser.
The lexical analyzer validates and tokenizes and C- minus program to provide to the parser.
The parser accepts a list of tokens and validates that they obey the provided language grammar, C- (Compiler Construction, Louden).

# Parser Caveats
The parser intentionally allows FLOATs wherever NUMs are allowed in the grammar - including in array indices. This is due to some
interpretations of array indices which allow float numbers via the grammar, but are then translated to ints later in the
process (semantic analysis or code generation).

Also, the parser allows empty statements as declarations. I believe this is a valid use case this left out of the
grammar accidentally.

# Invoking the application
Invoke the application by calling:
    ./p2 filename

    where filename is the path to the C- program to tokenize.

# Main
The entry point to the application is main.py.

# Analyzer Program Flow
The input file is processed line by line, character by character. At the beginning of a new token, the analyzer
determines the type (or set of types) the new token may belong to.

The analyzer then accepts characters until a character is found which does not comply with the determined
token type, handling errors as necessary.

The output result is a listing of tokens as they are recognized. A token collection is ready to be passed
to a language parser.

Nested comments and Floating point numbers are supported.

# Parser Program Flow
The tokens generated by the lexical analysis are passed to the parser. The recursive descent parser begins analyzing
the token stack for correctness in regards to the grammar.

# Output Files
This program produces output to the console.

In the parser state, the program simply outputs "ACCEPT" or "REJECT" (with no newlines) depending on
if the input is parsable by the grammar.

An example of lexical analysis output is saved to the output directory.
